you're become because I got things to
tell you okay got two things on it I'm
not there's two things as long as you're
holding that gun on mrs. banks that's
stupid that's a shot weren't right are
you gonna listen now we're in the middle
of a hostage situation at the Museum of
Natural History where our correspondent
max Brackett is being held hostage
do you want to tell us why you're here
you know I don't think you're crazy I
know you're not a terrorist I know
you're just an ordinary guy who popped
this top people listen to guys like me
you got to connect with those people out
there
I went for a backup and I'm gonna talk
when I'm good and ready
how's that sound to me with a simple
demand the madness started your pants
for a Lear jet or a fast car it's fun a
job back I don't want him understood I
want him out here and arrested with a
reporter's ambition the story grew
mobilize every camera and audio crew you
can get big bucks and show business with
the media's power it became a spectacle
you know that Sam Baily is making you
famous I just wanna go home okay is
getting the story the same as getting
the truth please don't have any control
so now some news guys running things is
the news what we need to know
or what we want to hear how do I know
you're coming back cuz you're the best
show in town Sam
it may be unethical I don't want to
cross the line whoo I just want to move
in a little it may be immoral what are
you doing you know you're going to sick
guy
let's thinking of me sunk but it makes
great television this insanity benefits
your career I hope it does no the world
is watching right Madeline California we
got this guy Sam Baily as you never said
my name why have you chosen to stay on
in this volatile situation but is
anybody listening I didn't mean for this
to happen
I'm Ellen trying for this to happen when
I go in front of the camera I will say
that you're in charge say thank you
thank you you're manipulating us I'm not
I'm not manipulating anything I'm
controlling the story I don't know I'm
just kind of like this guy that good has
a job you know goes to work every day I
don't feel in cares I don't know if
anyone's listening to me it's my daddy
you